 For my application I created a relationship between types of workouts and studio locations in D.C. I used nested routes to create this relationship, and had 4 types of workouts, each with anywhere from 2-5 places. My application also has the ability to create new types of workouts and studios, although I had trouble saving the studio location without having the user enter in the workout_id, which a public user would not know. I had each studio linked to their webpage so that users can go to the page for more information on location, pricing, reservations, etc.

 I started my created the database, tables and migrations and entering in data to the seed file. I am very comfortable with this process. I then created the views, and worked to have functioning pages and a full CRUD application. Finally, I began some CSS but did not have enough time to work through and get it looking as neat as I intended, so I decided to keep it simple and not mess with the bootstrap format too much. Bootstrap definitely helped me improve the look of my page.

 One issue that arose is that I created more variables for each model than I used, and also more pages on the application than I used. This was more due to a lack of time than anything else, and with more time I would create a page for users to add reviews, a user model with the ability to log-in, and I would list more information on each studio and workout, such as what equipment they need, etc. My other unsolved problem is CSS. I struggle to understand what to put to get the desired result. I believe with more practice, this will improve, and I plan on spending additional time going through CSS rules and guidelines.

 I had no trouble deploying my application to heroku, however upon opening the webpage, not all the photos loaded. However, they did load on my localhost and some photos did load to the heroku webpage.  

 Overall I enjoyed this project, however there is a lot of work I would like to continue doing on it in order to make it look and function as I originally intended!
